# Early morning
And again I didn't write in here!
But maybe it's cause this doesn't open up if I leave it open over night XD

I am sitting here staring at this fs code, 
and I just want it to give me whatever is at the path.
if its a file, give me the file.
Don't make me say I want a file, or I want a dir. 
Just give it to me.

but I want to do this the right way...

This code's already shaping up nicely.
it was a distaster when the day started.
It didn't work.

Now we're back to buisness.
There is still some prompt sculpting to do but...

Web search is going to be harder than I thought.. it always is.
The library is never the same.

If I'm gonna have to crawl web pages any way, I may as well make a proper webcrawler.
Keep a graph, track visited nodes.

Working directly with the agent to work on my code is pretty cool...
it's not as "fast" as talking to copilot or codex, but it is more precise.
I get much higher certainty what we are working on is useful and correct
I know better where it's getting it's information from 

today started off being a bit off but... by the end of it I am feeling pretty good about this.
Today's pace was good.

It wasn't one of those GAHHHHHHH I made more stuff with the robots than I could comprehend. wv

I made what I could handle, I understand it, I'm getting a rhythm.
we have to pay for the chat gpt subscription soon

we've almost got like... a login system...

# Evening

We made progress on sibilant in our repo.
We figured out why we wrapped it the way that we did.
Sibilant just never had to provide a mechanisim with in the compiler to do what we were doing with it. As in we were injecting imports/headers.
include was kinda treated as the main way of doing things, you'd just include everything you wanted and bam.

But I was doing something closer to what include means in C. I brought in macros that way,
and I broad in boiler plate import statements.

If I do want to continue with this, it will stilll be a bit of work, but we have a working compliler in the repo now.

We're gonna go do something else for a while now.

let this sit.

I just.... I needed to make progress on this.
I don't want to write the stuff the hack way I had before... We're doin this the right way.
Like when we moved the engine over.

But we've been through enough today.

It's also refreshing to do lisp like that, AI just cannot help me the same way it can with other stuff.

