Yet another day. Maybe we can actually have a thing running today.
We've finished migrating typescript, all services are now located in shared/{lang}

I'd like for these two computers to be indistinguishable from each other from a UX standpoint.

If I want to pause my desktop yt background, I should be able to press that key on the other system.

I want to have predefined layouts set up. 

Promethean is an operating system built for the modern era.
One where you've got more devices than you can count, and most users do not even realize it. Your router, your DVD player, your cable box, your tv, your phone, your siri thing, google assistant, your watch, your fridge.

Their all linux boxes. They are all connected.

But they are all separate.

I own 4 computers... 2 phones...
mom's got a phone, a tablet, a watch, a chromebook

A useful AI needs access to your system.
But AI are not always smart, and will do stupid things.
So you need guard rails. 

There have always been tools for user management in operating systems, to give specific users specific permissions. Programs have long been given their own user and user group.

These programs are a little different. but the idea is the same.

instead of a sandbox, the entire operating system needs better default permissions for AI users, who are usually working with a user with in their own user session. unlike another  human collaborator who if they are on the same system as you, it is through another view.
They're more like daemon  but not exactly either.
They are closer to users, but obviously not.

If instead of a sandbox, you had an AI agent group.  your system is set up to give inteligent default permissions to things in your system you would expect them to be allowed to do.  they have a command a bit like sudo, but it is to stop to ask you for permission.
