# Pantheon Agent Management Framework

The pantheon management framework centralizes abstractions for agents across various platforms.
it is a unified interface that allows you to create, define, and manage agents from any platform.
It provides a centralized CLI and UI for managing agent sessions.
lingustic and symbolic search across any agent session.
a single unified format for creating agents that can be used in any platform.
A single unified format for creating and managing tools used in any platform.
A single unified format for using MCP servers in any platform.
facilitates inter-agent communication

## Pantheon natives

Plus, it provides a new way of creating agents, unique to pantheon.
context from all stores is easily formatted in OpenAI style message arrays
construct agent context from inputs dynamicly.
instead of a single rolling history that gets compacted
context is generated from semantic search over any number of data sources of your choosing.
The agent can it's self also choose to select a data store for it's history to be generated from

Agents naturally share state this way, as history is shared between all of them,
and it is access based on it's goals and recent actions.


Agents are spawned as named entities called `Actors` with roles assigned to them.


Actors read from a script defined in a Lisp DSL
Actors are persistant entities in the pantheon system.
Actors have both passive, active, and persistant behaviors.
Active behaviors are allowable in direct response to user input.
Passive behaviors are allowable when no direct input has been given to be acted on.
Persistent behaviors are always allowed


Behaviors are like:
- research
- review code,
- review documentation
- review tasks
- add comments
- pseudo code
- work on a task
- write tasks for the board
- update tasks
- pair with another agent


For each actor, a list of allowable passive, active, and peristent behaviors are available.
Set's of related behaviors are called "talents"

